0
1
finding 1    not found
0
0
0


insert one
size = 1
empty? 0
finding 1  finding 1    found 1
0
add one to ALL
printing ALL  2
minus one to all
printing ALL  1
stop 5  0
stop 5   0
printing ALL  1


insert one
size = 2
empty? 0
finding 1  finding 1    found 1
0
add one to ALL
printing ALL  3
printing ALL  3
minus one to all
printing ALL  1
printing ALL  1
stop 5  0
stop 5   0
printing ALL  1
printing ALL  1


insert one
size = 3
empty? 0
finding 1  finding 1    found 1
0
add one to ALL
printing ALL  4
printing ALL  4
printing ALL  4
minus one to all
printing ALL  1
printing ALL  1
printing ALL  1
stop 5  0
stop 5   0
printing ALL  1
printing ALL  1
printing ALL  1


clear
size = 0
empty? 1
finding 1  finding 1    not found
0
add one to ALL
minus one to all
stop 5  0
stop 5   0


insert four
size = 1
empty? 0
finding 1  finding 1    not found
0
add one to ALL
printing ALL  5
minus one to all
printing ALL  4
stop 5  0
stop 5   0
printing ALL  4


insert five
size = 2
empty? 0
finding 1  finding 1    not found
0
add one to ALL
printing ALL  5
printing ALL  6
minus one to all
printing ALL  4
printing ALL  5
stop 5  find 55
5
stop 5   find 55
printing ALL  4
printing ALL  5



delete 5
1
empty? 0
finding 1  finding 1    not found
0
add one to ALL
printing ALL  5
minus one to all
printing ALL  4
stop 5  0
stop 5   0
printing ALL  4
printing ALL  3
printing ALL  4
printing ALL  4
finding 5    found 5
finding 5    found 5
finding 3    found 3
finding 3    found 3
finding 6    found 6
finding 6    found 6
finding 2    found 2
finding 2    found 2
5
empty? 0
finding 1  finding 1    not found
0
add one to ALL
printing ALL  3
printing ALL  4
printing ALL  5
printing ALL  6
printing ALL  7
minus one to all
printing ALL  2
printing ALL  3
printing ALL  4
printing ALL  5
printing ALL  6
stop 5  find 55
5
stop 5   find 55
printing ALL  2
printing ALL  3
printing ALL  4
printing ALL  5
printing ALL  6
printing ALL  2
printing ALL  3
printing ALL  4
printing ALL  5
printing ALL  6


finding -2    not found
finding -2    not found
finding -1    not found
finding -1    not found
finding 0    not found
finding 0    not found
finding 1    not found
finding 1    not found
finding 2    not found
finding 2    not found
finding 3    found 3
finding 3    found 3
finding 4    found 4
finding 4    found 4
finding 5    found 5
finding 5    found 5
finding 6    found 6
finding 6    found 6
finding 7    not found
finding 7    not found
finding 8    not found
finding 8    not found
finding 9    not found
finding 9    not found
finding -2    not found
finding -2    not found
finding -1    not found
finding -1    not found
finding 0    not found
finding 0    not found
finding 1    not found
finding 1    not found
finding 2    not found
finding 2    not found
finding 3    found 3
finding 3    found 3
finding 4    found 4
finding 4    found 4
finding 5    found 5
finding 5    found 5
finding 6    not found
finding 6    not found
finding 7    not found
finding 7    not found
finding 8    not found
finding 8    not found
finding 9    not found
finding 9    not found
printing ALL  3
printing ALL  4
printing ALL  5


finding -2    not found
finding -2    not found
finding -1    not found
finding -1    not found
finding 0    not found
finding 0    not found
finding 1    not found
finding 1    not found
finding 2    not found
finding 2    not found
finding 3    found 3
finding 3    found 3
finding 4    found 4
finding 4    found 4
finding 5    not found
finding 5    not found
finding 6    not found
finding 6    not found
finding 7    not found
finding 7    not found
finding 8    not found
finding 8    not found
finding 9    not found
finding 9    not found
printing ALL  3
printing ALL  4
finding -2    not found
finding -2    not found
finding -1    not found
finding -1    not found
finding 0    not found
finding 0    not found
finding 1    not found
finding 1    not found
finding 2    not found
finding 2    not found
finding 3    found 3
finding 3    found 3
finding 4    found 4
finding 4    found 4
finding 5    not found
finding 5    not found
finding 6    found 6
finding 6    found 6
finding 7    not found
finding 7    not found
finding 8    not found
finding 8    not found
finding 9    not found
finding 9    not found
printing ALL  3
printing ALL  4
printing ALL  6
finding -2    not found
finding -2    not found
finding -1    not found
finding -1    not found
finding 0    not found
finding 0    not found
finding 1    not found
finding 1    not found
finding 2    found 2
finding 2    found 2
finding 3    found 3
finding 3    found 3
finding 4    found 4
finding 4    found 4
finding 5    not found
finding 5    not found
finding 6    found 6
finding 6    found 6
finding 7    not found
finding 7    not found
finding 8    not found
finding 8    not found
finding 9    not found
finding 9    not found
printing ALL  2
printing ALL  3
printing ALL  4
printing ALL  6
finding -2    not found
finding -2    not found
finding -1    not found
finding -1    not found
finding 0    not found
finding 0    not found
finding 1    not found
finding 1    not found
finding 2    found 2
finding 2    found 2
finding 3    found 3
finding 3    found 3
finding 4    found 4
finding 4    found 4
finding 5    found 5
finding 5    found 5
finding 6    found 6
finding 6    found 6
finding 7    not found
finding 7    not found
finding 8    not found
finding 8    not found
finding 9    not found
finding 9    not found
printing ALL  2
printing ALL  3
printing ALL  4
printing ALL  5
printing ALL  6
finding -2    not found
finding -2    not found
finding -1    not found
finding -1    not found
finding 0    not found
finding 0    not found
finding 1    not found
finding 1    not found
finding 2    found 2
finding 2    found 2
finding 3    found 3
finding 3    found 3
finding 4    found 4
finding 4    found 4
finding 5    found 5
finding 5    found 5
finding 6    found 6
finding 6    found 6
finding 7    not found
finding 7    not found
finding 8    not found
finding 8    not found
finding 9    not found
finding 9    not found
printing ALL  2
printing ALL  3
printing ALL  4
printing ALL  5
printing ALL  5
printing ALL  6
finding -2    not found
finding -2    not found
finding -1    not found
finding -1    not found
finding 0    not found
finding 0    not found
finding 1    not found
finding 1    not found
finding 2    found 2
finding 2    found 2
finding 3    found 3
finding 3    found 3
finding 4    found 4
finding 4    found 4
finding 5    found 5
finding 5    found 5
finding 6    found 6
finding 6    found 6
finding 7    not found
finding 7    not found
finding 8    not found
finding 8    not found
finding 9    not found
finding 9    not found
printing ALL  2
printing ALL  3
printing ALL  4
printing ALL  5
printing ALL  5
printing ALL  5
printing ALL  6
finding -2    not found
finding -2    not found
finding -1    not found
finding -1    not found
finding 0    not found
finding 0    not found
finding 1    not found
finding 1    not found
finding 2    found 2
finding 2    found 2
finding 3    found 3
finding 3    found 3
finding 4    found 4
finding 4    found 4
finding 5    found 5
finding 5    found 5
finding 6    found 6
finding 6    found 6
finding 7    not found
finding 7    not found
finding 8    not found
finding 8    not found
finding 9    not found
finding 9    not found
finding -2    not found
finding -2    not found
finding -1    not found
finding -1    not found
finding 0    not found
finding 0    not found
finding 1    not found
finding 1    not found
finding 2    found 2
finding 2    found 2
finding 3    found 3
finding 3    found 3
finding 4    found 4
finding 4    found 4
finding 5    found 5
finding 5    found 5
finding 6    found 6
finding 6    found 6
finding 7    not found
finding 7    not found
finding 8    not found
finding 8    not found
finding 9    not found
finding 9    not found
printing ALL  2
printing ALL  3
printing ALL  4
printing ALL  5
printing ALL  5
printing ALL  6
finding -2    not found
finding -2    not found
finding -1    not found
finding -1    not found
finding 0    not found
finding 0    not found
finding 1    not found
finding 1    not found
finding 2    found 2
finding 2    found 2
finding 3    found 3
finding 3    found 3
finding 4    found 4
finding 4    found 4
finding 5    found 5
finding 5    found 5
finding 6    not found
finding 6    not found
finding 7    not found
finding 7    not found
finding 8    not found
finding 8    not found
finding 9    not found
finding 9    not found
printing ALL  2
printing ALL  3
printing ALL  4
printing ALL  5
printing ALL  5
finding -2    not found
finding -2    not found
finding -1    not found
finding -1    not found
finding 0    not found
finding 0    not found
finding 1    not found
finding 1    not found
finding 2    found 2
finding 2    found 2
finding 3    not found
finding 3    not found
finding 4    found 4
finding 4    found 4
finding 5    found 5
finding 5    found 5
finding 6    not found
finding 6    not found
finding 7    not found
finding 7    not found
finding 8    not found
finding 8    not found
finding 9    not found
finding 9    not found
printing ALL  2
printing ALL  4
printing ALL  5
printing ALL  5
finding -2    not found
finding -2    not found
finding -1    not found
finding -1    not found
finding 0    not found
finding 0    not found
finding 1    not found
finding 1    not found
finding 2    found 2
finding 2    found 2
finding 3    found 3
finding 3    found 3
finding 4    found 4
finding 4    found 4
finding 5    found 5
finding 5    found 5
finding 6    not found
finding 6    not found
finding 7    not found
finding 7    not found
finding 8    not found
finding 8    not found
finding 9    not found
finding 9    not found
printing ALL  2
printing ALL  3
printing ALL  4
printing ALL  5
printing ALL  5
finding -2    not found
finding -2    not found
finding -1    not found
finding -1    not found
finding 0    not found
finding 0    not found
finding 1    not found
finding 1    not found
finding 2    found 2
finding 2    found 2
finding 3    found 3
finding 3    found 3
finding 4    found 4
finding 4    found 4
finding 5    found 5
finding 5    found 5
finding 6    not found
finding 6    not found
finding 7    not found
finding 7    not found
finding 8    not found
finding 8    not found
finding 9    not found
finding 9    not found
printing ALL  2
printing ALL  3
printing ALL  4
printing ALL  5
finding -2    not found
finding -2    not found
finding -1    not found
finding -1    not found
finding 0    not found
finding 0    not found
finding 1    not found
finding 1    not found
finding 2    found 2
finding 2    found 2
finding 3    found 3
finding 3    found 3
finding 4    found 4
finding 4    found 4
finding 5    found 5
finding 5    found 5
finding 6    not found
finding 6    not found
finding 7    found 7
finding 7    found 7
finding 8    not found
finding 8    not found
finding 9    not found
finding 9    not found
printing ALL  2
printing ALL  3
printing ALL  4
printing ALL  5
printing ALL  7
finding -2    not found
finding -2    not found
finding -1    not found
finding -1    not found
finding 0    not found
finding 0    not found
finding 1    not found
finding 1    not found
finding 2    not found
finding 2    not found
finding 3    not found
finding 3    not found
finding 4    not found
finding 4    not found
finding 5    not found
finding 5    not found
finding 6    not found
finding 6    not found
finding 7    not found
finding 7    not found
finding 8    not found
finding 8    not found
finding 9    not found
finding 9    not found
